Document SVGClipPathElement.(clipPathUnits|transform) (#25340)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/svganimatedenumeration/index.md

{{APIRef("SVG")}}

> The **`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`** interface descrobes attributes value which are constants from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`** interface describes attribute values which are constants from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.
```

## Instance properties

- {{domxref("SVGAnimatedEnumeration.baseVal", "baseVal")}}
  - : An integer that is the base value of the given attribute before applying any animations.
- {{domxref("SVGAnimatedEnumeration.animVal", "animVal")}}

>   - : If the given attribute or property is being animated, contains thecurrent animated value of the attribute or property. If the given attribute or property is not currently being animated, contains the same value as `baseVal`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : If the given attribute or property is being animated, it contains the current animated value of the attribute or property. If the given attribute or property is not currently being animated, it contains the same value as `baseVal`.
```

## Instance methods

The `SVGAnimatedEnumeration` interface do not provide any specific methods.

## Examples

> Considering this snippet with a {{SVGElement("clipPath")}} element. Its {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}} is associated with a `SVGAnimatedEnumeration` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering this snippet with a {{SVGElement("clipPath")}} element: Its {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}} is associated with a `SVGAnimatedEnumeration` object.
```
